# 1010
# hello, my name is Eren. I am 23 years old and i want to complete my study on Computer Engineering. I need to improve my Python skills, thats why i am here. But looks like i am little bit late to join the party, i had no idea that there was a site called GitHub lol. What a shame. Anyways, we have a saying in Turkey " Let it be late rather than unreturnable " or something like that. My English is still broken, i am trying to improve it as well ^^ I have a lot works to do actually, needed to my internship during the summer (between June and September) but couldn't find any company due to COVID-19. So, i need to do it as soon as possible, i am late already. I was learning PLC programming and stuff during that time, i think i've came a lot way thru that. That was the only optimistic thing for last 3-4 month. The situtations here are getting wrose and worse day by day, for instance i wake up with full f hope and was hesitating to study on programming for a whole day but before getting into it i wanted to check my Twitter, then i see that our currency is at the lowest level against USD in the repulic history. All of my hesitation disappeared suddenly to be honest, i was so hopeful guy about my future but i am losing my joy everyday. The youth wasting their most enjoyable times with that economical crisis, danger of the war, terrorism and refugee problems etc. Even 13-14 years old kids are politicized, who can blame them? Everyone has access to the intrenet, they are being witness to the lifestyle of Europeans and Americans in their ages. 
